V5.31 documentation (#4240)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/mmctl-cli-tool.rst

   --local                       allows communicating with the server through a unix socket
   --strict                      will only run commands if the mmctl version matches the server one

mmctl permissions remove
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Description**

>   Remove one or more permissions from an existing role (only available in E10 and E20).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Remove one or more permissions from an existing role (available in Enterprise Edition E10 and E20).
```
